Support storage tiering (#203)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

![Edit Config](/img/v1.1/host/edit-config.png)
![Add Disks](/img/v1.1/host/add-disks.png)

### Storage Tags

The storage tag feature enables only certain nodes or disks to be used for storing Longhorn volume data. For example, performance-sensitive data can use only the high-performance disks which can be tagged as `fast`, `ssd` or `nvme`, or only the high-performance nodes tagged as `baremetal`.

This feature supports both disks and nodes.

#### Setup

The tags can be set up through the Harvester UI on the host page:

1. Click `Hosts` -> `Edit Config` -> `Storage`
1. Click the `Host/Disk` tags to start typing to hit enter to add new tags.
1. Click `Save` to update tags.
1. On the [Storage Classes](../advanced/storageclass.md) page, create a new storage class and select those defined tags on the `Node Selector` and `Disk Selector` fields.

All the existing scheduled volumes on the node or disk won’t be affected by the new tags.

:::note

> When multiple tags are specified for a volume, the disk and the nodes (the disk belong to) must have all the specified tags to become usable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple tags are specified for a volume, the disk and the nodes (that the disk belongs to) must have all the specified tags to become usable.
```
